



# Readme
This repository includes code for a simple Flask application which creates a dynamic website with blog posts.

## App.py
This code creates a Flask application, which contains three blog posts. The application displays the posts and their associated metadata on the index page. Additionally, the application has logic to display an individual post if its ID is specified. If an invalid ID is given, the application will throw a 404 error.

## Requirements.txt
This code lists the package versions required to use Flask, a web application development framework. It includes packages like black, boto3, botocore, click, colorama, distlib, filelock, gunicorn, importanize, itsdangerous, jinja2, jmespath, markupsafe, mypy-extensions, packaging, pathlib2, pathspec, platformdirs, python-dateutil, s3transfer, six, tomli, typing-extensions, urllib3, virtualenv, Werkzeug, and zipp.

## Static\styles.css
This code sets the font family, background color, color, and shadowing styles for a web page. It also sets up navbar, blog post card, and footer elements and assigns specific fonts, colors, shadows, and heights to those elements. Additionally, it centers the main container and sets the post box width with margin left/right auto.

## Templates\article.html
This code sets the content of a website, including the title, using Jinja templating, loading the Bootstrap 5.3 library as well as custom CSS and JavaScript. The page also includes a header navigation bar, a main container to display content, and a footer display the year and copyright notice.

## Templates\index.html
This code is for a website with a navigation bar and a section that contains multiple blog posts. It uses Bootstrap and Google Fonts for styling, and custom CSS and JavaScript also loads. The content of the blog posts is generated by the code, which loops through a list of posts. Each post is composed of a title, description, image, and a "read more" button that links to the full post. The footer displays the website name and copyright with the specified year.